fixes for mike bishops' review (#339)
vcstuff/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

Relying Party:
: An entity that relies on the Referenced Token and fetches the corresponding Status List Token to validate the status of that Referenced Token. Also known as a Verifier.

Status:

> : The validity state of a Referenced Token as determined by the Issuer of said Token.

Author: ```suggestion
: A Status describes the current state, mode, condition or stage of an entity that is represented by the Referenced Token as determined by the Status Issuer.
```

## Status List Request {#status-list-request}

> The default Status List request and response mechanism uses normal HTTP semantics and Content negotiation etc. as defined in {{RFC9110}}.

Author: ```suggestion
The default Status List request and response mechanism uses HTTP semantics and Content negotiation as defined in {{RFC9110}}.
```
